docs: add notes for local non-root setup to prevent permission issues (#1153)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-arch-test: README.md

./configure --prefix=</path/to/install> --with-multilib-generator="rv32e-ilp32e--;rv32i-ilp32--;rv32im-ilp32--;rv32iac-ilp32--;rv32imac-ilp32--;rv32imafc-ilp32f--;rv32imafdc-ilp32d--;rv64i-lp64--;rv64ic-lp64--;rv64iac-lp64--;rv64imac-lp64--;rv64imafdc-lp64d--;rv64im-lp64--;"
sudo make  # sudo may be required depending on the selected `prefix`
```

> > **Note for Local/Non-Root Installations:**

Reviewer: Use the GitHub NOTE callout for this instead of the custom formatting. See the above note about installation taking a while for an example.

> > If you are setting up the ACT framework on a personal machine and want to avoid using `sudo` or modifying root directories, you can install the tools locally in your home directory. 

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
> If you don’t have sudo access, you can install the tools locally in your home directory. 
```

> > Simply replace `</path/to/install>` with a local directory (e.g., `$HOME/riscv-tools/riscv-gnu-toolchain`) and run `make` without `sudo`.

Reviewer: Let’s use $HOME/riscv as the example user directory (that’s commonly used by other riscv projects already). No need for the extra riscv-gnu-toolchain level of hierarchy either.

sudo make  # sudo may be required depending on the selected `prefix`
```

> [!NOTE]
> for Local/Non-Root Installations:\*\*
> If you don't have sudo access, you can install the tools locally in your home directory.

> > Simply replace `</path/to/install>` with a local directory (e.g., `$HOME/riscv`) and run `make` without `sudo`.

Reviewer: Didn't notice this before, but this seems to be rendering strangely:

<img width="963" height="116" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/233cef31-8479-46b4-aaf4-d49e0ff99937" />

I don't think we want the ** and the For local ... part should probably be on its own line.

Author: The markdown formatter must have escaped the asterisks. I've cleaned up the syntax and added a line break so it renders properly.

sudo make  # sudo may be required depending on the selected `prefix`
```

> [!NOTE]

> > for Local/Non-Root Installations:

Reviewer: Inconsistent to have this header for this note and not the Sail one. I'd recommend dropping it, but also fine if you'd rather add it to the Sail one as well.

Add `/path/to/install/bin` to your `PATH` if you used a different directory than for the `riscv-gnu-toolchain`.

> > **Note:** Similarly, for local installations, you can extract the Sail model into your home directory without `sudo` by specifying a local path:

Reviewer: Same comments as above.

Add `/path/to/install/bin` to your `PATH` if you used a different directory than for the `riscv-gnu-toolchain`.

> [!NOTE]
> If you don't have `sudo` access, you can extract the Sail model into your home directory by specifying a local path:

> > `curl --location <url> | tar xvz --directory=$HOME/riscv/sail-riscv --strip-components=1`

Reviewer: No need for the extra directory. That requires the user to add two directories to their PATH instead of just one.
```suggestion
> `curl --location <url> | tar xvz --directory=$HOME/riscv--strip-components=1`
```
